nRF Cloud CoAP Downloads: Auth without coap_client (#22328)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

  * Updated:

>       * Return negative :file:`errno.h` errors instead of positive ZCBOR errors.
>       * CoAP download authentication no longer depends on coap_client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To return negative :file:`errno.h` errors instead of positive ZCBOR errors.
    * The CoAP download authentication to no longer depend on the :ref:`CoAP Client <zephyr:coap_client_interface>`.
```
I guess you are referring to Zephyr's CoAP Client library, right?

Author: changes are applied 👍🏻
